# Sonic realms harmonica edition
 Since from all the info I've gathered, I can only assume that sonic harmony is cancelled. So here's the source code I and others worked on while the project was being made.

# A bit of the story behind the development while I was there
this project shouldn't have been to hidden to the public. It was gonna be great, but when a young man is being coaxed to like something like a "movement" he hates and has every right to hate, things like this become a reality. I'm sorry to the sonic harmony community, but as far as I see it, the show's over. The main lead is gone, left with the secondary one which was the reason I left, and the project was just not going swimmingly. If you saw the original github, you'd understand. Taj, Dubinium32x, EnderElectrics, SavingYourGame, and anyone else who worked on it, you should remember the day I joined as the end of this project because I was the real reason it died. I pointed out the flaws, I showed the reasoning behind it being a flaw, and yet some of you just continued. Some ideas were best left behind like 2.5D, that was a good choice, everything else was just a doomsday train waiting to fall. 

I'm sharing the project here and now because I'm not gonna let 6 months of my teenage life go to waste.

# The timeline of sonic harmony from when I joined to when I left
When I joined, all seemed pretty normal. I expected everyone to have similar qualities to me, since the game was an alternate reality sequal to sonic overture. Alas, things just became more and more different and difficult. Everyone there began to seem way too... Accepting of anything(this was a little before I left). Not everyone though, there were some who had standards and I applaud them for that. The first build I worked on was the 2.5D demo. Let me tell you, there was absolutely nothing besides the cloudburst(sonic's action) and an enemy. I started work on a glitch that stayed with me throughout the entire time which was: the spin glitch. This glitch made sonic clip through the ground (At that time, we were using a different framework). I fixed it kinda once, and then never got it working properly. I never fixed it because half the time I was also working on a debug menu I called "Simple Dimple Debug System" or SDDS for short. I got it ported to this version of harmony, but took it out because I felt that if I am to leave the project, I should also take the sdds with me. I did that. Anyways, the next thing that happened was we switched frameworks. We switched from the one we were working on to sonic realms. I was excited, I wondered if the rolling glitch would still be there. It was, but it was hardly the monster it was in the old framework. I did quite a lot of things when we switched. The game started taking shape as a game should, albeit, in a way that was made for a broader audience than sonic fans. It was during that time when the conflicts kicked in. Things like FNF came out, "Black lives matter", and Biden was elected. Before we go further, I'm a follower of Christ, so if you want to leave out these next parts, you can, I don't exactly care if you know this or not, only if your interested. The worst part of all is that transgendecy began to get way more popular. Too popular... Both Taj and another person I forgot him, posted things about "transphobes" and how they're bad. I don't remember much about that situation, but it led up to me and Taj fighting over moral truth. No one won, except for me. What I mean by that is that I left the harmony team. During my time with the harmony team, I was having these terrible feelings inside me that made me feel uneasy. I didn't know where they were coming from until leaving the server. That's when I realized that I should stop working for them. After that I began to get better sleep(while working with harmony, my sleep schedule went from 7AM-11PM to 11AM-5AM). I was coaxed to join the project again because I was literally the only one holding the project up, however, I wasn't enough to keep it afloat. Finally, I left the team, but I did do just a few things before I left. I uploaded the videos I sent to the harmony team to youtube, and was told to take them down. Not long after, a fellow named LeaksOf SonicHarmony came around and made me want to do this and reupload the videos. The rest is history, history that I want everyone to enjoy, regardless of what people say.
